thank you what's going on world of the
internet this is Bashar e jones Detroit
Michigan been wanting to do a overview a
short overview of this new phone that I
got is called the blue quattro 5.7 HD
I've actually had this phone for about a
month now and it's a very awesome phone
very pleased with the phone I use it on
solar vase network the cell phone
company that pays which I'm very proud
of you know you guys see me uh no
promoting solavei all the time and now
this will be the phone that we will
actually be auctioning I mean I
auctioning but uh raffling off on sep
tember 21st at our sole of a tall and
bash at the hilton garden inn southfield
michigan that's all twenty-six thousand
american drive so you definitely want to
come get your ticket um the raffle
tickets it's two dollars and three of
four five dollars so you definitely want
to get your ticket so that you could get
the chance to win this phone so I want
to get right into the phone first I want
to show you the signal right now it says
h + 3g i'm doing this with my samsung
galaxy tablet camera and it's not the
best camera on the market for some
reason but it says 3g / h plus which is
equivalent to 4G speeds now a few
features of the phone the phone is that
up you know you have all your regular
apps operates on a enjoy android
operating system i think it's the
jellybean 4.1 or we got jelly bean guy
screaming all these delicious fools that
represent the android operating system
but on you have access to your Play
Store you get any app that you want you
know your google play store so you know
and I the phone operates pretty fast so
you know you got access to all the apps
that you want you'll see that its
operating up pretty fast oh so let's go
out of here oh you got your facebook app
um operating pretty fast as you as you
can see i just gave them dollar my
updates in the blink of an eye and the
biggest test that i always used to uh
check phone speeds is the youtube app
because i want to see if i can watch
your youtube video and if i pull up a
YouTube video is it going to take a
million hours for me to put a video up
and then when I watched a video is it
going to be a you know buffering you
know every couple of minutes so I'm just
going to cut on one of these videos not
sure what this video is but we're just
gonna test it out to see how fast it
comes up as you can see it's a going
pretty fast it's a guy playing golf and
if I want to get the big screen all I
got to do is just simply just turn it
and there it is so I'm coming out of
this video because I don't really know
what this who this guy is and get back
to the phone but uh I say it's a great
phone actually comes with a protective
case and it also has two regular back
without the flap if you don't like to uh
flat it all has a 8.0 megapixel camera
with flash which also gets are extremely
clear extremely clear videos and you
know if you run all of your apps on it
is a very good phone it's about a few
inches bigger than the galaxy note 2 I
think the galaxy note 2 is a 5.5 inch
screen and this is a 5.7 inch screen
with a high definition and it's just
awesome you know it's all i can say i
have one my wife have won a lot of
members on my soul of 18 have one and
you can actually get this phone for half
the price of the galaxy note the phone
is actually on three hundred and fifty
dollars you go to finance phones com
going to put a link on the bottom of
this video of where you can actually go
up purchase the phone online or you can
also we also have financing options we
get the phone finance and just pay a
weekly based upon your payday which is
also awesome and also you know now it's
a good time to join solavei you can
actually join solavei for $39 actually
September third is the last day which is
tomorrow after that it'll be forty nine
dollars to join which are still
inexpensive and we have no auto shops no
monthly no monthly fees or expenses you
just simply get your cell phone cut on
and use yourself only you have an
opportunity to participate in the full
compensation plan with solar vein so
this is my short overview of the quattro
5.7 which we will be raffling off
September 21st make sure that you get
your tickets give me a call 31 377 85
and 95 1 to get your ticket if you're in
the detroit michigan or michigan area
and looking forward to more people
joining solavei and using the great
opportunities that are here once the
gamma shari johns detroit michigan
chiming out peace